fix(am 3.15): add breaking change note about HTTP Idp (#798)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/am/3.x/installation-guide/installation-guide-migration.adoc

+++ <script th:src="@{../assets/js/webauthn-login-v2.js}"></script>
----

== Upgrade to 3.15.10

> WARNING: If you are using the HTTPIdentityProvider please visit the breaking change page for this version link:{{ '/am/current/am_breaking_changes_3.15.10.html' | relative_url }}[Breaking changes in 3.15.10].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: If you are using `HTTPIdentityProvider`, make sure to consult the breaking changes documentation for this version as soon as possible link:{{ '/am/current/am_breaking_changes_3.15.10.html' | relative_url }}[Breaking changes in 3.15.10].
```
